hey gamers what's up so it's Monday the
31st of august and this is the
replacement video for 131 and the new
contest guess I'll tell you how you can
win and then I'll show you the prizes so
in order to win the rules are simple you
have to be a subscriber to l1 games and
you have to be friends with l1 games so
make sure if you haven't already you go
ahead and do that and then to enter all
you have to do is shoot a video response
to this video if you don't add it as a
response it will not be considered so
make sure you do that the video can be
about pretty much anything you want to
keep it game related and make sure you
mention the store ln games or the
channel l1 game somewhere in your video
you know this is a promotional thing and
i am trying to get the word out so i
want videos to at least have something
to do with the store in one way or
another other than that you're good to
go shoot your video post it today is the
31st so all in the contest on saturday
october 10th gives you 10 solid days to
enter and judging is going to be a
little different this time i'm going to
judge videos personally but i'm bringing
in two other judges and we're going to
narrow them down and we want to pick
between us what we think is the best
video entry so try to make your video
good and that's how it's going to be
judged when i do the the announcement
video for the winners I'll also
introduce my judges and we'll talk about
why we thought the videos were the best
and what we pick the videos we picked so
think of it as a kind of like america's
got talent with videos and video games
so the prizes a third prize is going to
be my playstation one prototype mod
again i was trying to emulate the oj
super nintendo that i did i'll post a
video for that one so you can see it if
you haven't already
and I wanted to do kind of a texture and
when I did this one I was really happy
with the way it turned out but I was not
happy with the color of the blood it was
too bright and you can see the texture
on there just kind of cool I did the
inside also but it was too bright so I
ended up picking this darker color which
I did the controller in
and I was much happier with it so I set
the system to the side because of course
the control in the system don't match
but I wanted to do something with it and
I thought it'd be a great prize so
there's that second prize is going to be
this custom game boy advance SP from my
personal collection this was painted by
my friend Danny at custom apparel in
Whitehall Ohio and he did that for me
because this was a system that was a
little bit scuffed up and the front of
it was scuffed up and I wanted to have
it to play but I didn't want to have
some ugly system so he says hey let me
check it out he grabs it he did this to
it which is awesome kind of a Mario
silhouette and then second place winner
also gets Willie J so
I know that's ridiculous but I just had
to do it and then of course first prize
is the recreation of oj z Super NES this
one's a little different than the first
one if you remember the first one had
black trim and I want to admit I did
silver trim with this one because I
wanted the the red to really stand out
and I think it worked i think this is
better than that one was and I think
that's saying something so look
as a joke I was going to give away a
pair of black leather gloves with it but
I decided not to so that's it those are
the prizes you know how to win so go
ahead shoot your videos get them entered
it doesn't matter winnie interim as long
as you interim before the tenth and
we're good to go so thanks again
everyone for watching I'm glad most of
you seem to understand why I pulled the
last video and I'm glad that was a had a
decent reception but that's it that's it
so go ahead enter the contest all these
systems are the prizes they all come
complete with their wires and all of
them work perfectly so don't worry about
that and I wish you all the best of luck
so thanks for watching